this is a short very simple song that I
wrote recently I couldn't come up with a
name for it so I've been calling it the
greys anatomy song because everybody who
hears it says it sounds like the song
that should come at the end of episode
of grey's anatomy stuff there you go the
grey's anatomy song
when I look into your eyes I never am
surprised you look exactly
you
I've seen your face a thousand times in
my dream since I was small it's the face
I'd fall in love with in a fan in love
with you
fella know
when you're angry and you yell the
sounds just like I knew it would your
voice still makes me smile I know you
hate it when I laugh when you want me to
apologize well i'm sorry but i fell in
love
with you
I fell in love with you
as I watch you walk away it feels just
like an who in world it hurts in places
that I never
in ways I never knew it could cuz i fell
in love with you
fell in love with you
I fell in love with you